README.md, before:

# DeadlyTrade
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger)
# 1.3.9.9 Pre-Announce.
Developement Done. Current QA process. Will be released soon after determin Korean/English deployment policy.

![1.3.9.9 Preview](https://postfiles.pstatic.net/MjAyMDAyMDVfMzYg/MDAxNTgwODQ0ODgyODMx.Qomj0yEhGPG0l42LpB6yCNceGtzDRqtQzw1exiEblHIg.tQ_9fGCqn4LIh6tq3Odt-gYPAJWkUZuRbQLIZ0AOYt0g.JPEG.eocsdev2/new_main_hud.jpg?type=w773)
- UI Renewal
- Ninja Data Speed Up
- New Flask Timer and Sound
- Bug Fix
- And Etc.
### Installation
- Portable.
- Download and unzip.
- Auto update.
### Langueges
* [C++] - Core
* [C#, .Net Core/Web] - Front End, Web API
* [Cli] - Interop, Core API
### History
- DeadlyTrade Renewal Version Started Jan,2020
- DeadlyTrade Started and Sharing April,2019
- POEExileDirection coverted to DeadlyTrade in new empty Project 1year ago.
### Users
- 2020.02.02 DeadlyTrade Discord Server Join User : 3076
- non-counting user is more.
- DeadlyTrade almost over 10,000 users used, using it 1 year over in Korea POE Communities.
### Short Plan
- English will be default UI from now on.
- Reflect User Request by Priority.

Commit message:

DeadlyTrade 1.4.0.0 Overhaul Release Scheduled.
The upcoming DeadlyTrade 1.4.0.0 Overhaul release will come with a new UI, new features, bug fixes and a better speed. There are a lot of improvements. If there isn't a big error found in the next 2 days, it will be updated.

README.md, after:

# DeadlyTrade Overhaul Version.
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger)

# 1.4.0.0 Release Scheduled.
The upcoming DeadlyTrade 1.4.0.0 Overhaul release will come with a new UI, new features, bug fixes and a better speed. There are a lot of improvements. If there isn't a big error found in the next 2 days, it will be updated.
Here is work in progress some preview. Thank you.

(preview #1) Main HUD rework.
[![Watch the video](https://postfiles.pstatic.net/MjAyMDAyMTNfMTUx/MDAxNTgxNTMwNTg1Mzc3.FFWw_SfHrU1IaNDnGArMz2uy7QCnoR5IAdsAZxWcjC4g.uhQyyNZe9y2sch0qBdNNUqMEjbVv2F19udQvLxiDaN4g.PNG.eocsdev2/image.png?type=w773)](https://youtu.be/CC-UjKUfOpY)

(preview #2) Atlas Overlay new feature added.
[![Watch the video](https://postfiles.pstatic.net/MjAyMDAyMTNfNjUg/MDAxNTgxNTMwNjk1NDA0.02lfDR79X4qIkEL-rzAjZK0gMqIHrTsLRXRf0b3SpMEg.Qmkzb9Lg9pqZzKNYHKKgUDGGe24OBgMlKh2w301JlA0g.PNG.eocsdev2/2020_0213_002.png?type=w773)](https://youtu.be/MVxWsaGGbGA)

(preview #3) Region map search rework.
[![Watch the video](https://postfiles.pstatic.net/MjAyMDAyMTNfMjY5/MDAxNTgxNTMwNzQzNDc4.1mNXRgYY8RcExre1ucm-npY4y_2XUHc7NlM1d6MlyAsg.9JZk69ix7UaOHdRVG72ZDNZ5kqG6EJkIRmNDwFM-0Yog.PNG.eocsdev2/2020_0213_003.png?type=w773)](https://youtu.be/g_I0g5u9Hqc)

(preview #4) new Flask image timer, skill timer ui changed.
[![Watch the video](https://postfiles.pstatic.net/MjAyMDAyMTNfODkg/MDAxNTgxNTM1MTg3MTI2.9VteEcqMrnmpsN2lPggXszyHB5SdaE04PuO443My274g.f0U6wti9o1BGF3anb43FYXDWArZx-49GEHWX-i5gng0g.PNG.eocsdev2/2020_0213_004.png?type=w773)](https://youtu.be/M1R05mVXYcY)

(preview #5) a better speed.
[![Watch the video](https://postfiles.pstatic.net/MjAyMDAyMTNfMjUx/MDAxNTgxNTM1NjkwMTAz.hYn_oQIDueeeKBnv_JtCI1MSy_a8dsLn8qboFKagrk8g.0vZCPSyojgZJNcz5X-OMfhW345OJ_9MGBjIRfNXsTG8g.PNG.eocsdev2/2020_0213_005.png?type=w773)](https://youtu.be/a5axIiNkzXo)

# 1.3.9.9 Pre-Announce.
Developement Done. Current QA process. Will be released soon after determin Korean/English deployment policy.

![1.3.9.9 Preview](https://postfiles.pstatic.net/MjAyMDAyMDVfMzYg/MDAxNTgwODQ0ODgyODMx.Qomj0yEhGPG0l42LpB6yCNceGtzDRqtQzw1exiEblHIg.tQ_9fGCqn4LIh6tq3Odt-gYPAJWkUZuRbQLIZ0AOYt0g.JPEG.eocsdev2/new_main_hud.jpg?type=w773)
- UI Renewal
- Ninja Data Speed Up
- New Flask Timer and Sound
- Bug Fix
- And Etc.
### Installation
- Portable.
- Download and unzip.
- Auto update.
### Langueges
* [C++] - Core
* [C#, .Net Core/Web] - Front End, Web API
* [Cli] - Interop, Core API
### History
- DeadlyTrade Renewal Version Started Jan,2020
- DeadlyTrade Started and Sharing April,2019
- POEExileDirection coverted to DeadlyTrade in new empty Project 1year ago.
### Users
- 2020.02.02 DeadlyTrade Discord Server Join User : 3076
- non-counting user is more.
- DeadlyTrade almost over 10,000 users used, using it 1 year over in Korea POE Communities.
### Short Plan
- English will be default UI from now on.
- Reflect User Request by Priority.
